c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.dll.config
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.pdb
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DomainLayer.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Repo.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DataLayer.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DomainLayer.pdb
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Repo.pdb
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DataLayer.pdb
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.pdb
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.dll.config
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DomainLayer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Repo.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DomainLayer.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Repo.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.dll.config
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DomainLayer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Repo.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DomainLayer.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Repo.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.pdb
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.dll.config
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.pdb
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DomainLayer.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Repo.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DataLayer.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DomainLayer.pdb
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Repo.pdb
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DataLayer.pdb
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.pdb
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.pdb
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.dll.config
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.pdb
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DomainLayer.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Repo.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DataLayer.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DomainLayer.pdb
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Repo.pdb
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DataLayer.pdb
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.dll.config
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\MeetingRoomPOC.pdb
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DomainLayer.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Repo.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DataLayer.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DomainLayer.pdb
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Repo.pdb
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\bin\DataLayer.pdb
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\MeetingRoomPOC\obj\Debug\MeetingRoomPOC.pdb
