c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll.config
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.dll
c:\users\gopal.chavan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll.config
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\Angular\MeetingRoom(POC)\New folder\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll.config
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\gopal.chavan\Desktop\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll.config
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.dll
D:\MeetingRoomRepo\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll.config
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.dll
E:\Projects\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll.config
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.dll
D:\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoom\MeetingRoomAll\MeetingRoomPOC\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
